{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Act I
\b0 \
\
Introduction Cutscene: Slow fly through vessel, not giving away that this is in space. Camera finds way onto a seemingly dead man on his bathroom floor. Blood can be seen pooling under him. Camera waits on him. Player taps screen and we see the man cough back into life. After hacking his guts out, the man slowly gets off the floor in a daze. It's clear he's not entirely there. The man looks around to see that he's in a bathroom. A rough "Hello?" goes un-responded.\
\
CATHERINE'S BATHROOM: The man walks around the bathroom, checking for clues to his whereabouts. The bathroom looks like its seen better days. Dirt is everywhere. Looking in the mirror, the man's probably seen better days as well. A large gash can be felt on the side of his head. "That would explain the head ache." He tries to leave but the door is not responding. A quick look around shows him that the door only responds to residents with a key card. He swipes the card up from the floor and the door flings open, leading to the:\
\
CATHERINE'S BEDROOM: The first thing he notices when he enters the room is a small container of pills and a half drank glass of water on the bed stand. Clearly he doesn't remember going through with this. He doesn't even remember if this is his room or not. While walking around, a large rumble shakes his surroundings. Earthquake? This is starting to feel more and more like a nightmare. He takes a look at what's in the room. A note on the bed simply states "I'm sorry." Perplexed, the man assumes that he didn't expect to survive the night. \
\
COMMONS: \
\
\
\
Start to find diaries and photos that explain backstory. <<PUZZLE>>\
Realize you're on a ship.\
Find out about Teddy.\
Experience blocked off sectors.\
Activate Teddy. <<PUZZLE>>\
Discussion of events are no help, Teddy had his memory reset.\
Teddy gives the breakdown of the ship and the dire situation.\
Mother makes note that there is only 72 hours of sustainable energy left.\
Teddy introduces her as the core AI.\
Teddy is running only at a fraction of his capacity due to someone deactivating portions of his core.\
Reactivate portions of his core. <<PUZZLE>>\
New access shows the ship is running on reserve power and has absolutely no fuel to move.\
A catastrophic explosion has damaged a large portion of the ship.\
You have been drifting in space for what has likely been years.\
Player breaks down.\
}