{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Gameplay Pillars\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0  - Puzzle based exploration. (Need to solve logic puzzles to access new areas)\
 - Moral Decisions affect outcome. (Key storyline decisions based on moral dilemmas, directly affecting some of the story) \
 - Resource management. (Need to strategically use up oxygen when exploring open atmo compartments and correctly string powered zones to explore)\
 - Story driven objectives. (Story pushes player to explore new areas of the ship, unlocking areas as he progresses)\
\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 Puzzles\
> Ideal puzzle is a demonstration of characters, exploring the environment\
> Puzzles must: be solvable in the first try, not cheat the player with information, be clear of consequences if dire, are natural to environment, progress story/objective.
\b0 \
 - Follow correct wire to progress\
 - Green house has over growth blocking progress. Need to clear it by venting the whole compartment thus also destroying that area's local atmosphere.\
 - Rewiring power to useful compartments. Resource management.\
 - Pipe flow ruptured. Need to redirect them/replace them.\
 - Electricity flow.\
 - Your computer has a lock on it. Need to figure out logic behind it.\
 - Successfully run a simulation of what the original plan was.\
 - Heat levels. \
 - Oxygen Levels. Need to add or subtract rooms to maintain breathable air. "Too much O2 and you'll feel yourself dying. Too little O2 and you won't feel it at all."\
 - Go directly against Mother's logic. Need to do something that goes directly against one of her core values. Need to reason with her.\
 - Turn off Mother to bypass her safety concerns. Later her concerns prove right. "Acknowledge override?" "Acknowledged." \
 - Lockdown on room. Mother claims safety concern. Teddy tries to figure it out. Perhaps something is concerned a contagion in the room? Upon picking up every item in the room, Teddy finally sees that the room itself is leaking atmo. "...Fasten your helmet." Seconds later, player is ripped out of room to outer hull of vessel.\
 - Goal Puzzles - find gas, fuse + wires to get vehicle ready! or new mobo! or batteries! Or someone snipped the hydraulics on a door, need to find replacements and fluid for them!\
 - Going through one of the clasps will trigger an alarm stating contagion found. Talking to computer reveals whole area is infected. Override Lock.\
 - Do something in one room that affects another.\
 - Change the flight member list\
 - Reset password on your username. Security question. Need to find clue nearby to figure it out.\
 - Accessing the cockpit:\
 - Shift weight of vessel. Mass generators by extreme rotations\
 - If zombies, have one door be locked throughout game and find out later that thats where everything started. Roland went inside and the man I knew never left. \
\

\b Moral Decisions
\b0  (similar to Walking Dead/Lone Survivor)\
 - Problem presented to the player.\
 > Morally right and consequences\
 > Morally wrong and consequences\
 > Incident started when Roland went inside room. You have a choice to find out or leave while you can. Finding out gives you the information for a price while leaving provides a clean getaway with main character already knowing what he would likely find in there.\
\
 - Find survivor. He's acting suspicious. He wants to know about you.\
 > Tell truth about lack of memory. He is thrown off by this.\
 > Redirect to him. Don't lead on that you lost all your memories. He responds, "You don't know do you?"\
\
 - Compartment found to be hogging resources. Teddy can't see in the box so there can potentially be survivors in there.\
      > Do you leave it and allow it to strain the system or do you eject it and free up resources? (aka do you potentially kill anyone in there or do you not take that chance?)\
\
 - Find another survivor in the vessel during Teddy black out zone who is initially hostile. Player explains his situation to him. Retrieve some information from him but he seems intentionally vague. When you turn on the final core for Teddy, the other survivor turns hostile again and starting saying things like "You turned him on?!" and runs off to a predetermined meeting place. "I'm at a loss of words..." Teddy isn't sure what to make of the situation. \
      > Airlock eject/kill other survivor leads to conversation with Teddy over action  vs  Capture man. "You're killing us!" is yelled as you walk away from his makeshift cell after conversation with him.\
\
\

\b Resource Management
\b0 \
 - Basic inventory management. Need this key for this door. \
 - Unpowered zones cannot be accessed. To power a zone, you need to pick up battery cells and apply them. You can always remove a cell and rearrange their setup. Cells can be stringed together to explore. Need to rearrange where they go to reach your current objective. \
 - Need basic suit to go into space exposed compartments. Air drains slowly and given unlimited supply initially. Later on, your unlimited supply is cut off and you need to conserve the little you have. \
 - Later given a suit to explore outside space (ACT 2!)\
 - Power needs to be set in each zone (each zone is a set of 3-4 worlds) the player goes to. Player can only power zones with a proper circuit through nodes throughout the station. When traveling initially, the player experiences many zones not powered. The player then gets access to an initial supply of circuits. Applying the circuits gets player access to another node. With only a few circuits, the player has to rearrange the layout at a node to fit where he's going. Later, more circuits are added and the player can then access far reaching zones. Eventually, the player has enough circuits that this doesn't become a problem as he can just lay out the major pathways.\
\

\b Gameplay Ideas 
\b0 \
Zombies shamble about! \
Touching creature once causes the screen to fill red and hitting it again without regaining that health causes death. \
Toggle flash which causes creature to crouch down in pain. \
Or hitting flash removes one from your inventory and leaves it running for a bit. \
Requires button on bottom that shows inventory left and whether its activated or not. \
\
Zombies: Idle deviates a tiny bit from spawn \
\
Hide mechanism: They have a good sense of smell. Rubbing dead body parts on you causes them to ignore you for a set time. Quarantine zones clear effects. \
Requires a meter showing how effective it is and needs access to item to apply it. \
\
Poison zombie: hits you, no damage, causes you to be poisoned. Need to go to first aid center to revive or heal. Eventually die from wounds? \
\
Entity Manager - update runs every tick.\
Contains every creature. player position changes its state.\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
Philosophical Non-sense : Does your past define who you are or does your actions? This can be seen in the main character's quest for freedom. His past choices can be seen throughout the vessel yet it's what he does now that shapes who he is. This is later revealed to be paralleled in Teddy. Both he and the player start as a blank slate. Teddy's future choices are defined in how the player reacts to his world. If the player is hostile or ___ , Teddy will take this view point and when the time comes, and his history is revealed, he knows the player's deposition. On the other hand, if the player is accepting or ____ , Teddy will also see this and sway towards acceptance. Does the player accept his past or fight it?\
Examples : Player was shown to be a lack\
\
Ending showdown timeline:\
Player links last of packets to Teddy after Teddy has interpreted all events leading up to the disaster.\
After a moment of hesitation, Teddy makes up some bull shit excuse\
Seed in dialogue based on player's choice before (his stance on importance of what one does or what one did, are we wired a certain way or can one deviate off their tracks, fate vs freewill)\
On flight back to main half of vessel, Teddy makes a choice whether to try to kill player or hope the player accepts what he has done as proof of who he is.\
This leads to two endings:\
 - Teddy tries to kill player. Player hits vessel but is able to recover and makes his way to the cores. Given another chance to either kill or talk to Teddy. Can persuade Teddy that you are no risk to each other. \
 - Teddy tries to make peace with player. Player lands safely and has a conversation with Teddy. Given choice to leave Teddy plugged in or to disconnect him due to his potential danger.\
\
On Teddy's realization of what he's done:\
"Something awful happened here."\
"Alright receiving last packet of data. Interpreting it now."\
"Oh no....." "Teddy?" "They were........This whole thing was senseless. I see what happened now. I see it all.." "Well care to share?" "A meteor. A random trajectory that coincided with this vessel's trajectory. Nothing more. Nothing less. In one moment, almost everything is lost."\
\
Seeding player on way back to his half of vessel:\
"When I said a meteor did all this damage, I lied. There was no meteor. Everything you see before you, this was all me."\
\
\
Upon seeing a picture of the crew, the player reads the caption: "One year anniversary spent with who else? The team!" Player's reaction: "They all look pretty happy here. Too bad that doesn't help me with my name problem."  \
\
"You're just going to fucking let that happen?!"\
\
\
10 minute chapters with a continuous story. Each release unlocks another chapter for player's to experience.\
Each chapter should have a clear objective and ending.\
First chapter example: You wake up in the shuttle and need to find the cockpit. Chapter ends when you reach the cockpit and meet onboard AI. \
Each chapter continue with one theme. \
\
\
\
 \
Title Name: FOXS/SHEEP.  - Refers to ship class or what their mission was\
RULE - \
SWAY - Sway of power or control of mission. \
MURDER by the PLAYHOUSE - Awesome right?\

\b \
}