{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Pitch\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 You find yourself on a bathroom floor with no idea who you are or how you got there. \
Explore your immediate surroundings and try to piece together your past. \
\
An memorable experience not seen anywhere else on the market.\
A unique, one of a kind experience. \
\
Do yourself a favor and go in blind. For the weak-willed, here's your summary:\
\
Please do not ruin this experience for others.\
\
A dog tag says "The Last Guard." Strange. I don't know anyone in the marines. \
\
\
Have the summary be the rescue ship captain, during the moment he receives the main character's SOS or when he arrives at the vessel. \
\
"Hey Marsh? Something's showing up at 48.15 16.42."\
\
\
The Coordinated Push, Class C Transportation Vessel\
04.30.12\
Resputin Sector, roughly 23.000 miles off course\
\
"You should be able to see her coming up now. Adjust your displays accordingly. I throw her up on the main."\
"She's massive...Is she commercial?"\
"John, are you seeing any heat signals onboard?"\
"Uh...looks abandoned. Looks like she's there but nothing's ticking."\
"Alright. Take it easy forward. Mack, try the SAT's again. They might not have a clear signal or at least a very strong signal out here in the middle of nowhere. Alert the Emergency Response Team to be ready in ten. If there's anyone still onboard, we're picking them up."
\b \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\
\
Game Overview
\b0 \
 - ~40 minutes of gameplay for each act.\
 - Collectable items expand the world's lore\
	> Main character diaries\
	> Computer logs/chats between crews\
\

\b Cutscenes
\b0 \
 - Dialogue included\
 - Cinematic techniques used (panning, zoom, rotation)\
\

\b In-game World
\b0 \
 - Animated player (walking, idle, scripted sequences)\
 - Animated tiles\
 - Persistent world\
 - Puzzles\
 - Particle effects\
 - Interactive environment (buttons, doors, item pickups, terminals)\
 - Triggers\
\
\

\b Persistent World
\b0 \
 - Every interaction that should have a lasting impact on the world is remembered. (ie. picking up an item removes it permanently from the world while doors can be opened and closed as the player chooses)\
Triggers have names. When a world is loaded, a trigger is loaded with the default values. The loader then uses a lookup table to see if the trigger needs to be manipulated at all. The trigger may be disabled due to being already used or it may be enabled due to the player's actions elsewhere in the world. If it is enabled and triggered, it may carry an action to enable another trigger. \
\
Bath\
 - ID pickup -> Added to inventory. Only able to be picked up if shower door is open. (if barrier is set up, and player is beyond barrier, cannot pickup)\
- Shower door -> Opened or closed. Changes barrier set up\
}